blog: Update with MCP references (#3909)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2025/10/open-ai-agent-builder-versus-flowfuse.md

than ever to create the logic needed to collect, transform, and act on data from
the edge.

> What's more, FlowFuse supports building [Model Context Protocol (MCP) agents](/blog/2025/07/flowfuse-release-2-20/#ai-assisted-node-red-with-smart-suggestions),

Reviewer: That link is for not MCP nodes.  The MCP it mentions relates underlying tech used for by nr-assistant. It is in no way exposed to users for general use or for building agents.

The actual [MCP Nodes](https://github.com/FlowFuse/nr-mcp-server-nodes) (and [changelog](https://github.com/FlowFuse/website/pull/3824)) are currently ready, but they blocked by [feature flag work](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/6074)

To get this out early, it may be enough to mention _Dedicated MCP nodes that let you do xyz are being made available to FlowFuse users in the coming days_?

NOTE: Joe was workshopping som ideas for content to coincide with the announcement of MCP nodes - something that demonstrated the ease of agent building with our new MCP nodes by linking them with our tables, mqtt-nodes, chat dashboard widget (or along those lines).  However, I believe this work is not done.

Reviewer: In fairness, it does touch on RAG and AI, so still relevant in some regards.

Perhaps this is more fitting?:

```suggestion
What's more, FlowFuse already supports creating [AI and RAG](blog/2025/07/flowfuse-release-2-20/#new-blueprint%3A-agentic-ai-with-retrieval-augmented-generation) solutions and will soon be releasing dedicated MCP nodes that greatly simplifies low-code building of AI Agents.
```
